---
title: Week 3
layout: post
author: jaiman.lad
permalink: /week-3/
source-id: 1mhov8ZqrCQozL_dLEVVmr3VdVW6PkG30DT-FFNyIiwY
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 3 of coding with FUZE boxes</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>05/02/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>The beginning of stage 1-3, creating 'characters'</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To be quicker on the keyboard</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Mostly</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson was another good one as Oscar and I got set up quickly and our pieces of code were saved properly so we could open them up easily. Some other groups needed some assistance so as Oscar got started, I helped the other groups. Oscar and I ended up finishing stage 1 and the stage overview which was quite satisfying. We also made an animation which took quite a lot of communication reading out all of the numbers. I still think that Oscar and I are the furthest progressing in our class.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My target for this lesson was to be faster on the keyboard and I think that I am getting there, but I am not fully there yet. I was relatively efficient on the keyboard today, there was the slight hiccup, but otherwise I was pretty good.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Oscar and I have been progressing well so far, but the main things I am going to focus on next time is actually understanding the code that we are writing because right now, we are just writing it out, saving it, and running it rather than trying to understand how and why it works. Other than that, we just need to keep focused and keep on progressing through the book.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


