---
title: Week 4
layout: post
author: jaiman.lad
permalink: /week-4/
source-id: 137pD9XhhqVKnFbDCq-zwbJ5ELGwdIpSXYVuj53D_7JU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 4 of coding with FUZE boxes</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Stage 2-1</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Try to understand the code more</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In the beginning of the lesson, Mr Ampah-Korsah came around and looked at our blogs. He gave everyone an improvement to make and mine was to write a bit more in my blog entries. In the first two thirds of the lesson, my normal partner, Oscar, was at a music lesson, so instead Rex came and worked with me. He got split up from his previous partner, so I am unsure if this group is permanent. Anyway, moving on to the work, Rex and I began at stage 2; but the booklet was quite weird because it went from stage 2-1 to stage 4. Despite this, Rex and I went through the booklet as it went, stage 2 was using more 'If' and ‘Then’ terms and it was quite easy to follow and understand the code. Then we moved on to stage 4 which required the electrical kit. The instructions in the booklet were quite unclear and we probably didn’t plug in the wires and LEDs correct so it didn’t work. Halfway through that Oscar came in from his music lesson and we all tried to make it work but it didn’t.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today I was actually very good on the keyboard, I did it for most of the time because Rex said that he was quite slow but he still had a turn anyway. For most of the lesson, we were stuck on the wiring process so if we figure out how to get that working I think that we can keep on progressing because as I was typing, Oscar and Rex were trying to correctly wire the breadboard (the add-on to the FUZE box which allowed wiring kits to be connected). I think that if we get the wiring working properly then we will be all good.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time as a group we will try to get the wiring right but other than that, I coped with the change of a new manner in the group and fortunately we work well together so at least things won’t go downhill from here (hopefully)! Today I was also trying to understand the code and I read through the accompanying explanation in the booklet and I actually understood most of it, how it worked and what it did.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


