---
title: Week 2
layout: post
author: jaiman.lad
permalink: /week-2/
source-id: 1BCQwrGknCxEfN0JcGGBeX8NVCeWyINn45ubGbooKUr8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 2 of coding with FUZE boxes</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>22/01/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Some basic knowledge of coding with FUZE boxes</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To save our work properly and get started quicker.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today's lesson was much better than last lesson. It turns out we did save our work properly it’s just we didn’t open it properly. Other groups didn’t actually save their work properly so it was good that we did. We started off with Oscar being the pilot and me navigating. We both got 2 turns each so I think our timing worked out pretty good. We got through another mini-section in the lesson and it looked like we were the furthest progressing again.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The one thing that I need to improve on for next lesson is my keyboard skills. I need to work on them because in the time that I was on the keyboard I kept on making mistakes which slowed us down a little bit. Other than that, I think that we did good this lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I am going to focus on being more careful and swift when using the keyboard so that I maximise the progress that Oscar and I make. Other than that I will keep everything else the same because we got set up quickly and we saved our work properly.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


