---
title: Week 8
layout: post
author: jaiman.lad
permalink: /week-8/
source-id: 1hNoOmAcxQvWGPpc91ZjEThUcWfRZlLC5pxrdiyOkIis
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 8 of coding with FUZE boxes</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>19/03/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>One flashing light</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To focus more</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today was a very good lesson. I achieved a lot in wiring up the FUZE box breadboards. I helped out various other groups and Oscar and I progressed as well. We started off with 6 lights, but only two of them flashing. This took a bit of time as I had plugged one end of the blue wire into the wrong socket, I got a bit annoyed so I went to help Aayush and Henry out, and that made me come to my conclusion and correct my mistake. We then moved on to 6 flashing lights, going from one side to the other and then coming back. This didn't take very long as all we needed to do was change the code, not the wiring. Then we moved on to the Light Dependent resistor, which worked very differently to the LEDs. Nevertheless, I managed to wire it up correctly first try, maybe because the diagram was better. With the LDR, we saw how it worked and on the screen there was a number which showed how dark/light it was. Finally, we changed the code so that instead of a number, there was a circle which grew/shrunk depending on the light it received.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today was probably the best lesson so far because Oscar and I achieved a lot. I did move around quite a bit today, but for most of the time it was when Oscar was just finishing writing the code, and anyway I was helping someone else. Overall today I must have helped at least 4 groups with wiring up their breadboards, which felt good for me as well.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will keep doing what I did this lesson, especially because it is the last or second to last lesson of the term. Today, helping others has also helped me as well because I learned from those experiences as well, making me better and them not having to go through what Oscar and I did, which was a couple of weeks of doing nothing. Today was very successful and productive.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


