---
title: Week 5
layout: post
author: jaiman.lad
permalink: /week-5/
source-id: 1VPCd3oqQMuOjWJQo4s1aUTcFGQ0Rjw4ZUcQB7gvxnu4
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 5 of coding with FUZE boxes</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>25/02/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Trying to wire up the breadboard</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for </td>
    <td>To wire it correctly </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> No</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today was a very frustrating lesson again. Rex worked on his own today as Mr Ampah-Korsah said working in a three were too many people, but I was fine with that. Oscar and I got straight to business by getting the electronic components kit and starting to wire it up. Just like last week, it just didn't work and so it was another whole lesson on the LED lights not flashing. We tried changing the LEDs a few times and I checked with Luke Wang whether his was working, but none of ours did. After trying for a good half an hour, Oscar was sorting out our file names whilst I sorted out the organisation in the kit box. Ten minutes from the end, we had another crack at it, but still, it wouldn’t work. This has really held us up.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Our target for the lesson was to wire up the breadboard correctly so that the LED lit up, but we failed that and so that is what we need to do next lesson as well. It has got to the stage where asking Mr Ampah-Korsah for help is a good idea as we have spent two whole lessons on the same thing and now everyone else is catching up. We also can’t just give up and start doing other things as this limits the time on what we are meant to be doing - which is what we did today. We need to keep a positive attitude if we’re going to progress.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will have a better attitude and also ask the teacher for help because we obviously can’t understand the instructions properly, they aren’t really that clear on how to wire up the breadboard, better diagrams will help. Hopefully next week we will be moving on (with the lights working properly).</td>
  </tr>
</table>


