---
title: Week 6
layout: post
author: jaiman.lad
permalink: /week-6/
source-id: 1WGl2ghzdQDsCg-shSQVJZOT9szSQ0yUbzL50Ls5Qi1M
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 6 of coding with FUZE boxes</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>05/03/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Frustration on not getting the lights to work</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get the lights to work</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today was a big relief! We finally got the lights to work - in some time. We began the lesson with one final attempt with trying to wire the breadboard up correctly and then decided on going to Mr Ampah-Korsah for help, but Luke Wang had already asked and he was told to figure it out for himself, so then we decided against it. We tried some more versions of what we thought would work for another 5-10 minutes, and then word got around that Rex and Luke H had managed to get the lights to turn on and after a bit of nagging, Rex came over to our FUZE box and showed us how to get it working. It turns out all that we needed to do was switch around the way the LED went in - which proved the booklet wrong. We then managed to make the light flash which was quite cool and I took a video of it and hopefully it shows above. Today was a big relief and a great achievement was made.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today we had a plan and stuck to it, and it worked, which was great. In the beginning of the lesson Mr Ampah-Korsah came around and checked our blogs. My target was to write a bit more on the section below and put all of my contents into a container, which I have done. During the coding time, I did get a bit distracted as Oscar and I were waiting for Rex when I should have been still trying to wire it up on my own. Other than that we just now need to keep on progressing now that we have the correct set-up for wiring on the breadboard.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Overall, I did pretty well today. For next time I think that I need to focus more on the task at hand because today I lost control a little, though it may have been because I was getting irritable because we spent two weeks on trying to wire up one LED light. After the lesson, I stayed back and put in the missing elements, which was easier than I had expected, and then I polished it up at home. Hopefully I have written enough in this section today and that my video of the flashing light has uploaded correctly.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


