---
title: Week 7
layout: post
author: jaiman.lad
permalink: /week-7/
source-id: 11NiaR-IchqSPVNE5jxipj1Dss4IHjiFoo5waUvCvqU4
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 7</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>12/03/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Working lights!</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson:</td>
    <td>To focus more</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Not really</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today was a lesson on mixed emotions. Mr Ampah-Korsah was not in today and so Mr Keen instructed us and we had Mrs Kramer supervising. This lesson we had Rex in our group again, which was good because he was the first person to get the lights working. In the beginning as Oscar and Rex tried to set up, I organised the Electronic component kit, but it had turned out that FUZE box didn't save and load up work correctly. So Oscar and Rex went to get another one as I finished up my organising. We tried again with this one, but it also wouldn’t save our work properly and we spent quite a while trying to get it to save - Rex and I had already wired it up whilst we were waiting. Oscar kept on trying to fix the FUZE box with Rex whilst I went round the classroom helping others and I had managed to get Oscar’s lights wired up correctly myself in the process. We had eventually made the decision that we needed a new FUZE box, but soon enough the lesson ended.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This week I still need to focus more, but this lesson’s sidetracking was probably because we had a substitute teacher. I think that if Rex, Oscar and I work through this with a bit more focus, we can really push on ahead of the others in coding with the FUZE boxes. I really just need to keep to looking at what our group is doing, not venture off to another group to see what they are doing - I got a bit side tracked as I watched Deven try to fix his blog and look at what the Year 9s were doing. As a group, we need to be quicker in our decision making, because today we were too slow in changing FUZE boxes and that led to a lot of time wasting.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will stay with my group, rather than go off on my own unless someone needs help and Rex and Oscar have everything under control. I now also feel quite pleased with myself though, because I had managed to wire up an LED correctly when helping out another group. Our group really need to get a move on because many other groups are catching up and that shows that we haven’t been really progressing that much since really half-term. Next week I need to be incredibly focused and we need to get going quickly and efficiently.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


